Why aren't you wearing the dress I prepared for you?
The skirt got dirty, so I changed it.
Mr. Xi gave me a promotion and a dress
Can I take it as an apology again?
Sorry.
I was drugged.
No one else around
I thought it was you.
Did something that made you miserable
I'm sorry I didn't expect you to be so arrogant
People apologize.
This dress suits you well
It shouldn't be a gift from Xi Shao, right?
Is Xi Shao really interested in him?
Shut up
I heard he is the mother of four children
true or false?
Isn't that Zhu Jing?
Miss Xia, are you satisfied with this dress?
I like it very much, thank you.
Sir, this is the gardener at the Governor's Palace
You are the custom
It's a talent
It's a good match for Miss Xia
What are you talking about? You are so happy.
If you're hungry
Eat something first
I'm not hungry.
I thought you were a couple
The old man was originally you who misunderstood first
Don't say that Xi's eyesight is really bad
Let's go. I get sick when I see this stuff.
Stop you and this bad old man
When did they get together?
Do you know what nonsense you are talking about?
Everyone come and see
Ha Zhu, he has an old fetish
It's expensive to play with this bad old man in private